README.md, before:

# UofT-Project-2-Professional-Portfolio

This week's challenge is to work on a portfolio to showcase my skills and talent to those who wish to hire me.

## Description

This webpage was created to showcase my skills and knowledge in web development. This project will also allow me to monitor and track my progress as the class continues, giving me a better understanding of the other aspects of Advance CSS, such as media query, pseudo code, flexbox, and many more. More research has been acquired to improve my skills and be more comfortable with using CSS and HTML.

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

This project was created to be as friendly to users as possible. Below is the instruction on how to use this webpage. (Note: screenshots were added to the assets folder for reference.)

![scrn_shoot_navbar](https://github.com/KitSarmiento/UofT-Project-2-Professional-Portfolio/assets/135483936/aa3deaaa-dae7-4c05-a084-b211562f851f)

- Home page - The webpage has straight forward navigation bar where users can easily direct to their preferred section/article. This will allow users to visit About Me, Portfolio, and Contact information.

- About Me - This section gives you some details about the developer. The developer also provides the link to view her CV (on that page, it will allow the user to download her CV (CV site)if the user is interested in hiring her.)

- Portfolio - The portfolio lets the user view the developer's projects. The link was included once the user hovered over the picture. Please note that links are only provided to two finished/completed projects (Pre-work-study guide and Marketing agency).

- Contact - the contact session gives the user options to choose how to contact the developer. There is a form that the user may fill out if they wish to be contacted back. Social media, email, and phone numbers were also provided on the webpage for the user to reach out to the developer easily.

- Media Query - This is applied to the webpage to adapt depending on the size of the user's screen.

## Credits

Profile image - <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/css-html-programming-languages-computer-programming-coding-it-female-programmer-cartoon-character-software-website-development_10782650.htm#page=4&query=female%20programmer&position=45&from_view=keyword&track=ais">Image by vectorjuice</a> on Freepik

Avatar - https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/girl - Girl icons created by Freepik - Flaticon

Coming soon image - Photo by Vie Studio: https://www.pexels.com/photo/coming-soon-on-white-surface-4439444/

Google font https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Elsie/tester?preview.text=san%20s&preview.text_type=custom

Linear Gradient background - https://www.eggradients.com/gradient/calm-celebration

Charles Puentes-Matos - Tutor Support - Provide feedback and suggestions for the assignment.

Youtube Tutorials
Basic Flexbox - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u044iM9xsWU
Image Hover Text Overlay Effect - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfg9ChTmuKM

## License

MIT License - Please refer to the License in the repo.

Commit message:

Updated repository screenshot and made minor changes to README file. Changes visible in Installation, Usage, and License sections.

README.md, after:

# UofT-Project-2-Professional-Portfolio

This week's challenge is to work on a portfolio to showcase my skills and talent to those who wish to hire me.

## Description

This webpage was created to showcase my skills and knowledge in web development. This project will also allow me to monitor and track my progress as the class continues, giving me a better understanding of the other aspects of Advance CSS, such as media query, pseudo code, flexbox, and many more. More research has been acquired to improve my skills and be more comfortable with using CSS and HTML.

## Installation

No installation is required for this project. Please refer to the usage section for instructions on how to use the project.

## Usage

This project was created to be as friendly to users as possible. Below is the instruction on how to use this webpage.

![About-me](https://github.com/KitSarmiento/Professional-Portfolio/assets/135483936/a9fc8164-b192-4c8e-81d2-79f7dd960bf4)

- Home page - The webpage has straight forward navigation bar where users can easily direct to their preferred section/article. This will allow users to visit About Me, Portfolio, and Contact information.

- About Me - This section gives you some details about the developer. The developer also provides the link to view her CV (on that page, it will allow the user to download her CV (CV site)if the user is interested in hiring her.)

- Portfolio - The portfolio lets the user view the developer's projects. The link was included once the user hovered over the picture. Please note that links are only provided to two finished/completed projects (Pre-work-study guide and Marketing agency).

- Contact - the contact session gives the user options to choose how to contact the developer. There is a form that the user may fill out if they wish to be contacted back. Social media, email, and phone numbers were also provided on the webpage for the user to reach out to the developer easily.

- Media Query - This is applied to the webpage to adapt depending on the size of the user's screen.

## Credits

Profile image - <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/css-html-programming-languages-computer-programming-coding-it-female-programmer-cartoon-character-software-website-development_10782650.htm#page=4&query=female%20programmer&position=45&from_view=keyword&track=ais">Image by vectorjuice</a> on Freepik

Avatar - https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/girl - Girl icons created by Freepik - Flaticon

Coming soon image - Photo by Vie Studio: https://www.pexels.com/photo/coming-soon-on-white-surface-4439444/

Google font https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Elsie/tester?preview.text=san%20s&preview.text_type=custom

Linear Gradient background - https://www.eggradients.com/gradient/calm-celebration

Charles Puentes-Matos - Tutor Support - Provide feedback and suggestions for the assignment.

Youtube Tutorials
Basic Flexbox - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u044iM9xsWU
Image Hover Text Overlay Effect - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfg9ChTmuKM

## License

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

MIT License - Please refer to the License in the repo.
